Vwrs configuration section (#1199)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/photoniq/vwrs/05-monitoring-vwrs/retrieve-metrics.md

---
title: Retrieve Sample Metrics
---

## Get Metrics

VWRs offers different endpoint for retrieving your waiting room metrics:

> - [Get Metrics for a Domain](https://www.macrometa.com/docs/apiVwrs#/operations/getMetrics) - Retrieve the metrics for a specific domain. Set start and end times to get metrics for a specific time period. To get the domain key, use the [Get Information for All Domains](https://www.macrometa.com/docs/apiVwrs#/operations/getDomainUsingQueryParams) endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Get Metrics for a Waiting Room](https://www.macrometa.com/docs/apiVwrs#/operations/getMetrics) - Retrieve the metrics for a specific waiting room. Set start and end times to get metrics for a specific time period. To get the waiting room key, use the [Get Information for All Waiting Rooms](https://www.macrometa.com/docs/apiVwrs#/operations/getDomainUsingQueryParams) endpoint.
```

Reviewer: @todor-macrometa is this URL correct? (https://www.macrometa.com/docs/apiVwrs#/operations/getDomainUsingQueryParams) 
Did we keep this "Domain" or did we rename it to "WaitingRoom"?

Reviewer 2: @maryann-macrometa @joubert-macrometa We did away with the domain terminology, and the changes are visible on the `main` branch and the docs site... but this branch is out-of-date.

The correct link is: https://www.macrometa.com/docs/apiVwrs#/operations/getWaitingRoomUsingQueryParams

> - [Get All Metrics](https://www.macrometa.com/docs/apiVwrs#/operations/filterMetricsByDate) - Retrieve metrics for all domains. Set start and end times to get metrics for a specific time period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Get All Metrics](https://www.macrometa.com/docs/apiVwrs#/operations/filterMetricsByDate) - Retrieve metrics for all waiting rooms. Set start and end times to get metrics for a specific time period.
```
